Programming Project:

Khan Academy students earn badges for different activities on our site (for 
things from watching videos to participating in community discussions); these 
fall mostly into different space-themed categories (from small "meteorite" 
badges to the super-elusive "black hole" badge). In addition to celestial 
bodies, our students earn badges in the "challenge patch" category for 
mastering all the skills in a single area--they actually get pretty proud of 
them!

If you log in to KA, go to your profile page, and click "badges" under 
"Accomplishments", you'll see a collection of all your badges + all the ones 
that are possible to earn; it may make more sense than this explanation here :)

For this project, we'd like a simple phone app that tells students what the 
different challenge patches represent. The first screen should be a collection 
of all the badges, and tapping any single badge should bring up a detail view 
for that badge (preferably with a larger image and more verbose description!).

Our entire collection of badges lives here: 
http://www.khanacademy.org/api/v1/badges

And the collection key (that describes what each "category" integer actually 
means) is here: http://www.khanacademy.org/api/v1/badges/categories

Notes: 
* For all our API calls, appending ?format=pretty makes the JSON easier to 
read. 
* Our public API is mostly documented here: 
http://api-explorer.khanacademy.org/group/api/v1/badges 
* Using third-party code is completely ok, but make sure to attribute it in the 
app somewhere (settings bundle is fine).

After you're done, feel free to spruce it up a bit or add neat features that 
come to mind. More than quantity of features, though, we want to see your 
architectural choices, design decisions, and thought process--and then have a 
great conversation around your project and the choices you made.

When you've got your project to a demo-able state, go ahead and zip it up and 
please send it back to me. I will then schedule a follow-up interview with a 
member of our mobile team for you to discuss your response in more detail.

We're excited to see what you put together!

